DOCSP-31848: document validation (#22)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/fundamentals/schema-validation.txt

validation methods on the ``builder()`` method. Then, pass your ``CreateCollectionOptions``
instance to the ``create_collection()`` method.

Call the following validation methods on ``CreateCollectionOptions::builder()``
to specify the validation rules and scope for your collection:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description

   * - ``validator()``
     - Specify validation rules for a collection by passing a JSON schema.
       
       For more information, see the :ref:`<rust-json-validation>`
       section on this page.
       
   * - ``validation_level()``
     - Specify which insert and update operations are subject to the validation
       rules. 

       Possible values: ``ValidationLevel::Off``,
       ``ValidationLevel::Strict``, ``ValidationLevel::Moderate``.

   * - ``validation_action()``
     - Specify whether the driver should throw an error or a warning if you insert documents
       that don't follow the validation rules.

       Possible values: ``ValidationAction::Error``, ``ValidationAction::Warn``.

.. _rust-json-validation:

JSON Schema Validation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To set validation rules with the ``validator()`` method, pass a JSON schema

Reviewer: Issue:
From the style guide entry on [using](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#u):

> by using with Use by using, or recast the sentence. Don't use using (alone) or with. By using is easier for worldwide audiences to understand.

Suggestion:

```suggestion
To set validation rules by using the ``validator()`` method, pass a JSON schema
```

Alternatively, reword the sentence which I think follows a similar structure to previously written sections such as "Implement Schema Validation":

"You can set validation rules by passing your JSON schema to the validator() method."

as an argument.

To define a JSON schema, or a model that specifies field validation rules, use
the ``$jsonSchema`` operator and a JSON Schema object. The JSON Schema object
contains a series of ``<field>: <value>`` pairs that establish guidelines for
your collection's document fields. Some JSON object fields include the following: 

- ``title``, which sets a descriptive title for the schema
- ``required``, which specifies a list of required fields for each document in
  your collection
- ``properties``, which sets property requirements for individual fields

For a full list of JSON Schema object fields, see :manual:`JSON Schema
</reference/operator/query/jsonSchema/#json-schema>` in the Server manual.

Example
~~~~~~~

This example creates a collection called ``survey_answers`` with the
following validation specifications:

- The ``validator()`` method recieves a JSON schema specifying that the
  ``answer`` field in each document must have a value of ``"yes"`` or
  ``"no"``.

> - The ``validation_action()`` method specifies that the driver should

Reviewer: Issue:
Vale reported a style guide issue.

Suggestion:
I think specifying the exact behavior resolves this, e.g.

"The validation_action() method specifies whether the driver raises an Error when a write operation violates a validation rule."

The following documents follow the validation rules and can be successfully
inserted:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false
   :emphasize-lines: 4, 9

   {
     "_id": { ... },
     "question": "Do you like to exercise?",
     "answer": "yes"
   },
   {
     "_id": { ... },
     "question": "Do you like to play computer games?",
     "answer": "no"
   }

However, if you attempt to insert the following document, the driver
raises an error because the value of ``answer`` does not match any of
the valid options:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: false

   .. input::
      :language: json
      :emphasize-lines: 4

      {
        "_id": { ... },
        "question": "Do you like to exercise?",
        "answer": "depends on my mood"
      }

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      Error: Error { kind: Write(WriteError(WriteError { code: 121, code_name:
      None, message: "Document failed validation", details:
      Some(Document({"failingDocumentId":
      ObjectId("..."), "details":
      Document({"operatorName": String("$jsonSchema"), "title": String("Answer
      Value Validation"), ... })})) })), ... }

.. tip:: Bypass Schema Validation
   

>    You may need to perform write operations that violate a collection's

Reviewer: Issue:
Vale identified a style guide issue. I think this introduction to a new scenario is confusing due to presenting two conditions.

Suggestion:

I think in this case, introducing how to "Bypass Schema Validation" as presented in the title of the callout first could work better than explaining the conditions under which they might need to accomplish it.
E.g.

"To bypass a collection's validation rules, set the bypass_document_validation field to true in the write method's options parameter. This ignores any validation rules on the collection and any exemptions of them defined by the validation_level.
...
"

   validation rules and are not exempt from validation through your ``validation_level``.
   To perform this type of write operation, set the ``bypass_document_validation``
   field to ``true`` in the write method's options parameter.
   
   To see an example of how to specify this setting in the options for the
   ``insert_one()`` method, see the :ref:`Modify insert_one Behavior
   <rust-insertone-bypass-validation-ex>` section of the Insert Documents guide.

Additional Information
----------------------

To learn more about the MongoDB Server operations mentioned on this page,
see the following Server manual documentation:

- :manual:`validator </reference/command/collMod/#mongodb-collflag-validator>`
- :manual:`validationLevel </reference/command/collMod/#mongodb-collflag-validationLevel>`

> - :manual:`validationAction </reference/command/collMod/#mongodb-collflag-validationAction>`

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think it could be helpful to limit the number of links external to the driver documentation, especially when they point to adjacent sections on a page.
These three links could be replaced by a single one, e.g.
```
- :manual: `Validation operations for the collMod command </reference/command/collMod/#validate-documents>`
```

- :manual:`Schema Validation </core/schema-validation/>`

> - :manual:`Specify JSON Schema </core/schema-validation/specify-json-schema/#std-label-schema-validation-json>`

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think it could be good to use the titles of the pages linked, e.g.
```suggestion
- :manual:`Specify JSON Schema Validation </core/schema-validation/specify-json-schema/#std-label-schema-validation-json>`
```

API Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To learn more about setting validation levels and actions, see the
following API Documentation:

- `validation_level <{+api+}/options/struct.CreateCollectionOptions.html#structfield.validation_level>`__ 
  for the ``validation_level()`` builder method
- `ValidationLevel <{+api+}/options/enum.ValidationLevel.html>`__ for possible ``validation_level`` values
- `validation_action <{+api+}/options/struct.CreateCollectionOptions.html#structfield.validation_action>`__
  for the ``validation_action()`` builder method
- `ValidationAction <{+api+}/options/enum.ValidationAction.html>`__ for possible ``validation_action`` values

To learn more about any other methods or types discussed in this

> guide, see the following documentation:

Reviewer: Suggestion:
Similar to [this comment from another PR](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-rust/pull/28#discussion_r1335054083), I think it would be more concise to omit mention of "discussed" since it implies a conversation.
